Requesting a change (#155)
openjdk/guide: src/guide/jbs-jdk-bug-system.md

1. If the issue is a duplicate, close it as such.
1. If the issue belongs to a different area (it was filed in libraries, but it's an HotSpot issue), transfer it to the correct component/subcomponent making sure that the state remains [New]{.jbs-value}.

>    * Please note that issues in the [hotspot]{.jbs-value} component must have a [Subcomponent]{.jbs-field} set as well.

Reviewer: Per me, this is true for `security-libs` component also. Where unsure, we use `java.security` or` jdk.security` sub-components but a sub-component must be set. In addition, can we request to remove `Empty` sub-component from the list in JBS if it is possible to do so?

>    * Please note that issues in the [hotspot]{.jbs-value} and [security-libs]{.jbs-value} components must have a [Subcomponent]{.jbs-field} set as well.

Reviewer 2: Are these the only components which require a subcomponent?  I know that client-libs and core-libs are quite large (https://bugs.openjdk.org/projects/JDK?selectedItem=com.atlassian.jira.jira-projects-plugin:components-page) so it wouldn't surprise me if there were similar recommendations there too.  Perhaps update to "issues in the hotspot, security-libs, and other components ..." to leave this possibility open without needing to survey all of the components?

Author: As far as I know the other components don't require a subcomponent.

>    * Please note that issues in the [hotspot]{.jbs-value} and [security-libs]{.jbs-value} components must have a [Subcomponent]{.jbs-field} set as well.

Reviewer 3: @irisclark is right, it's advisable to set a subcomponent for issues in client-libs. However, it's not required as far as I can tell. There are issues where subcomponent isn't set, in majority of cases this is likely because the issue is too broad and is applicable to the entire client area.

    <td class="dictionary">[[noreg-]{.jbs-label}`.*`]{#noreg}<br />
                           [[nounit-]{.jbs-label}`.*`]{#nounit}</td>
    <td class="dictionary">

>       The [noreg-]{.jbs-label}`.*` and [nounit-]{.jbs-label}`.*` labels are used to explain why a change doesn't need/have a regression test or a unit test. The suffix of the label is described below. Every change that is integrated into the JDK source code must either have a regression/unit test, or have at least one of these labels on its JBS issue. It's quite possible to have more than one of these labels on the same issue. For instance, an integration could contain both changes to documentation and test code. In that case it would be logical to label the issue with both [noreg-doc]{.jbs-label} and [noreg-self]{.jbs-label}.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      The [noreg-]{.jbs-label}`.*` and [nounit-]{.jbs-label}`.*` labels are used to explain why a change doesn't need/have a regression test or a unit test. The suffix of the label is described below. Every change that is integrated into the JDK source code must either have a regression/unit test, or have at least one of these labels on its JBS issue. It's possible to have more than one of these labels on the same issue. For instance, a changeset could contain both changes to documentation and test code. In that case it would be logical to label the issue with both [noreg-doc]{.jbs-label} and [noreg-self]{.jbs-label}.
```
“An integration” sounds confusing. To avoid having “changeset” and “changes” close in one sentence, you could state: “a change could modify both…”

“Quite” doesn't clarify the meaning, the sentence is clearer without it.
